# LexDAO Personal Token Factory Terms of Service

I**ndemnity and Release**

LexToken Factory and Code (the “Factory”) is provided for our own personal use. If you choose to use it to mint any ERC20 tokens, you agree to release, indemnify and hold LexDAO and its members, directors and agents harmless from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Factory, your violation of the Terms of Use or your violation of any rights of another.

**Disclaimer of Warranties**

**YOUR USE OF THE FACTORY IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. LEXDAO AND ITS MEMBERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

**LEXDAO AND ITS MEMBERS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE FACTORY WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE FACTORY WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE FACTORY WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.**

**Limitation of Liability**

**YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT LEXDAO AND ITS MEMBERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF LEXDAO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE FACTORY; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE FACTORY; (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE FACTORY; OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE FACTORY. IN NO EVENT WILL LEXDAO’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID LEXDAO IN THE LAST THREE (3) MONTHS.**

**SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE FACTORY OR WITH THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE FACTORY.**

**Arbitration**

All disputes between the parties arising out of or in connection with the Factory will be determined and settled by binding arbitration, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration will not be combined with any other proceeding or arbitration against one of the parties. The place of any such arbitration shall be in or near New York County, New York. Each party will designate one arbitrator and the two designated arbitrators will select a third arbitrator to serve as the chair of the arbitration panel. If the two arbitrators cannot agree on the third arbitrator, then the AAA will appoint the third arbitrator. Barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrators will issue their decision within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date the third arbitrator is selected. The arbitrators may extend this time limit for an additional thirty (30) days in the interests of justice. All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. The arbitrators’ decision and award will be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. A dissenting decision will also be set forth in writing. The award rendered by the arbitrators will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitration will be governed by and construed in accordance with New York law without reference to conflict of laws provisions.

**Governing Law**

For claims not subject to the Dispute Resolution section above, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict of law principles and jurisdiction of any and all such disputes will lie in the state and federal courts sitting in New York County, New York. User consents to personal jurisdiction in the state and federal courts located therein and hereby waives all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-conveniens.

**No Class Actions**

We all agree that we can only bring a claim against each other on an individual basis. That means: (a) neither you nor LexDAO can bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in a class action, consolidated action or representative action; (b) an arbitrator cannot combine more than one person’s claim into a single case, and cannot preside over any consolidated, class or representative arbitration proceeding (unless we both agree to change this); (c) an arbitrator’s decision or award in one person’s case can only impact the person who brought the claim, not other Users, and cannot be used to decide other disputes with other Users.

Notwithstanding the provisions of the introductory section above, if LexDAO changes this ‘Arbitration’ section after the date you first accepted these Terms of Use (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms of Use), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice at lexDAO.chat within thirty (30) days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Date of Last Revision” date above. For sake of clarity the latest version of this disclaimer will reside at lexfactory.disclaimer.lexdao.eth. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between you and LexDAO in accordance with the provisions of this section as of the date you first accepted these terms.

International Use. LexDAO makes no representation that the Factory is appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United States. If you access the Factory from other locations, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

**Factory Disputes**

You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the tokens minted on the Factory and that nobody but yourself will have any liability or responsibility with respect thereto. LexDAO reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Factory through lexDAO arbitration. To initiate an attempt to arbitrate a dispute, first reach out to lexDAO.chat to begin a voluntary lexDAO arbitration to resolve the dispute.

YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHERS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTAND THAT LEXDAO HAS NOT, AND DOES NOT, IN ANY WAY: (A) SCREEN ALL USERS OF THE FACTORY UNLESS IT CARRIES THE LEXDAO CERTIFIED STAMP; (B) INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUNDS OF USERS OF THE FACTORY; OR (C) REVIEW OR VERIFY THE STATEMENTS OF ITS USERS OF THE FACTORY. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO EXERCISE REASONABLE PRECAUTION IN ALL INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS, PARTICULARLY IF YOU DECIDE TO MEET ANOTHER USER. LEXDAO DOES NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT, ENDORSE OR GUARANTEE THE CONDUCT OF ITS USERS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LEXDAO BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY USER’S CONDUCT IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH USERS’ USE OF THE FACTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BODILY INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, WRONGFUL DEATH, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF PRIVACY OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES RESULTING FROM COMMUNICATIONS OR MEETINGS BETWEEN USERS.